August 2019 ainsuForth-gen-exp-m4

sandbox-ii  -  to revise ainsu-forth-gen-exp-m4 in
               a quiet place of study. ;)

PURPOSE

To redo the project with the newer file-oriented
libraries from Adafruit.

Back-burner project - other issues are pressing,
unrelated to this YAFFA-ARM port.

We'll see how this plays out.

The plan is to roll back any lib (including board
support package for the listed targets) (see below)
to where the project functions well, again (currently
broken for basic compile) (poor planning on necessary
dependencies for a compile).

Then compile.  Then introduce each change that is needed,
to bring up to current (August, 2019).


Project was working well in November, 2018, against
all (then) current upstream libraries, including
the board support package for the Arduino IDE
for at least all these target boards from Adafruit:

(In approximate order of acquisition)

 * Feather M0 Express (first Adafruit target)
 * Metro M0 Express
 * Metro M4 Express
 * Feather M4 Express
 * NeoTrellis M4 Express
 * ItsyBitsy M4 Express

 * Gemma M0, Trinket M0 may also have support
   (this is not specifically recollected at the
   time of this writing, in August, 2019).

 * ItsyBitsy M0 was not utilized, possibly, as
   ItsyBitsy M4 was available when that sized
   target was needed by this author. ;)


Note: not all targets had 'Express' in their
official names, possibly; they are listed here
as 'Express' boards if they had any sort of
external, SPI or QSPI flashROM soldered onto
the target board at the Adafruit factory.



HISTORY

Around October, 2019, QSPI flashROM support did
improve or change for the latest (at the time)
Adafruit M4 targets.  Somewhere near there (culminating
near November 11, 2018) the best of ainsuForth-gen-exp-m4
was realized, against (then) current libraries.

This was an exciting time for ainsuForth development!

Dave Astels (dastels on Adafruit Discord) wrote up
a wonderful article on ainsuForth-gen-exp-m4, for
which this author is grateful (not to mention the
WOW factor for everything Adafruit does in this
area!)


The current motivation, to get all this working again,
in August 2019, stems directly from the publication
of Dave's fine article (wow!) on learn.adafruit.com.
So that his readers (thank you!) have something to
work with, after discovering his writing. ;)

Sun Aug 25 23:58:14 UTC 2019
